Add extra steps to the backup restore procedure (#28913)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/backups.md

A partial backup consists of any number of the above default directories and installed add-ons.

### Preparing for a backup

1. Before creating a backup, check if you can reduce the size of the backup.

>    - Check if your configuration directory contains a large database file (`home-assistant_v2.db`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Check if your configuration directory contains a large database file, to check that go to **{% my system_health title="Settings > System > Repairs -> ... -> System Information" %}** and look for the "Estimated Database Size (MiB)" under the "Recorder" section. 
```

>    - See the [`recorder`](/integrations/recorder/) integration page for options to keep your database data down to a size that won't cause issues. 

Reviewer: This makes it seem like everyone should do this.
By default, it only keeps 10 days, which should not cause any problems for regular users.

   - Note the keep days, purge interval, and include/exclude options.

>    - If you have add-ons installed that you no longer use, delete those add-ons. Some add-ons require quite a bit of space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you have add-ons installed that you no longer use, uninstall those add-ons. Some add-ons require quite a bit of space.
```
The UI uses "uninstall" and not "delete" for this action.

> 2. Delete all old and unneeded backups.

Reviewer: Deleting old backups are not really doing anything for the next backup as those are not included.
So having that nested under "preparing for a backup" does not feel right.

Maybe we should have a "Free up used space" section where this can be instead?

Author: good point

        - If your target device is a Home Assistant Yellow, note that it is the size of the eMMC that is relevant.
        - The restore process mainly uses the eMMC, not the NVMe.
- If you are migrating to a new device:
   - You do not need to transfer the backup to a USB or SD card to bring it to your device.
   - You will be able to upload the backup file from the device you are accessing the onboarding from.

##### To restore a backup during onboarding

1. If you are migrating to a new device and you had controllers or radios connected (such as a Z-Wave stick or SkyConnect):
   - make sure to plug them into the new device.
2. After Home Assistant has been installed, on the welcome screen, select **Restore from backup**.
   - Then, select **Upload backup**.
   - The file explorer opens on the device on which you are viewing the Home Assistant User interface.
   - You can access any connected network drive from there.
3. Select the backup file, then, in the dialog, select **Full backup** and **Restore**.
   - The restore may take a while, depending on the amount of data.
   - To see if the restore is complete, reload the page from time to time.

>    - If your previous installation had certificates enabled directly for the http integration, when the restore is complete, it will no longer respond to http:// requests. In this case, use https:// (added s) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If your previous installation had certificates enabled directly for the [`http` integration](/integrations/http), when the restore is complete, it will no longer respond to `http://` requests. In this case, use `https://` (added `s`) instead.
```

### Restoring a backup

There are two ways to use a backup:

- On your current system to recover your settings.
- During onboarding, to migrate your setup to a new device or a to device on which you performed a factory reset and a new installation.

#### Restoring a backup during onboarding

You can use a backup during the onboarding process to restore your configuration.

> **Migration**: This procedure also works if you want to migrate from one device to another. In that case, use the backup of the old device on the new device. The target device can be a different device type. For example, you can migrate from a Raspberry&nbsp;Pi to another smart home hub.

Reviewer: "to another smart home hub"?

I think any of this would be better:
- "To another device"
- "To another installation"

##### Prerequisites

1. The login credentials of the device from which you made the backup.
2. If you migrate the installation to a new device, make sure the new device has more storage capacity than the existing device.
   - Before migrating, on the old system, check how much storage you used.

>      - Go to **{% my storage title="Settings > System > Storage" %}**, and under **Disk metrics**, hover over the **Used space** bar.
>      - The tooltip shows your disk size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Go to **{% my system_health title="Settings > System > Repairs -> ... -> System Information" %}**, and under **Home Assistant Supervisor**, look at the **Disk used** value.
```
The graph is clunky and does not work on mobile, let's use system health instead.

     - The target device must have more free space than the source device.
        - If your target device is a Home Assistant Yellow, note that it is the size of the eMMC that is relevant.
        - The restore process mainly uses the eMMC, not the NVMe.
3. If you are migrating to a new device:
   - You do not need to transfer the backup to a USB or SD card to bring it to your smart home hub.

>    - You will be able to access the explorer of your PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - You will be able to upload the backup file from the device you are accessing the onboarding from.
```

> 4. This procedure assumes you have already completed the [installation](/installation/) procedure on your target device and are now viewing the welcome screen as part of the [onboarding](/getting-started/onboarding/).

Reviewer: Should this be a description right under the header instead of the last step?
You can not do anything in this list until you do this?

Author: You have a point there. On the other hand, the steps above are supposed to be done on the old system, before migrating. Also, this is a prerequisite section, for most of the steps, the order doesn't matter. Maybe I should make it a bulleted list.

Reviewer: If order is not important bullets make more sense 👍

> Note: Restoring from a backup will clear all data you had on this device.

Reviewer: This note is not needed?
During onboarding there are no data.

Author: Thank you for the catch!

##### To restore a backup during onboarding

1. If you are migrating to a new device and you had controllers or radios connected (such as a Z-Wave stick or SkyConnect):
   - make sure to plug them into the new device.
2. After Home Assistant has been installed, on the welcome screen, select **Restore from backup**.
   - Then, select **Upload backup**.
   - The file explorer opens on the device on which you are viewing the Home Assistant User interface.
   - You can access any connected network drive from there.
3. Select the backup file, then, in the dialog, select **Full backup** and **Restore**.
   - The restore may take a while, depending on the amount of data.

>    - To see if the restore is complete, reload the page from time to time.

Reviewer: Should we add a note here about SSL?
If your previous installation had certificates enabled directly for the `http` integration, when the restore is complete it will no longer respond to `http://` requests, and the user would need to use `https://` (added `s`) instead
